Target Story:
{target_story}

Briefly interpret the story in your own language in the "reasoning" part and rate the story on a scale from 1 to 5 on its consistency (How well the story maintains a coherent narrative without contradictions or inconsistencies).

**Sub-Agents Response**
You will be working with 3 sub-agents, their output may help you.

Outline evaluator will respond with 2 metrics: abruptness and predicability. Each metric will come in a list, where each element is judging a proportional part of the story. Abruptness range from -1 to 1, where high value means the plot is changing to abruptly, and low value means the plot is sticking with the same direction for too long, a value around 0 suggest fine situation. Predicability range from -1 to 1+, it represents how not-surprising the plot is progressing, where high value means the plot progressing just as expected, and low value means the plot is progressing in a way that is not expected. A value within 0-1 is considered moderate situation, it can sometimes go above 1. Higher value means the plot is conherent, but lower does not necessarily mean it is bad.
Outline Evaluator Result:
{outline_evaluator_result}
Briefly interpret the results in your own language and review the corresponding part of the story in the "reasoning" part.

Character evaluator will extract all characters from the story and evaluate each with 2 metrics: self_integrity and action_integrity. Each metric will come in a list, where each element is judging a proportional part of the story. Both values range from 0 to 1, where higher value means better consistency. self_integrity means how consistent is the character built, and action_integrity means how consistent is the character's actions with the built character.
Character Evaluator Result:
{character_evaluator_result}
Briefly interpret the results in your own language and review the content of the story related to the corresponding character in the "reasoning" part.


Logical evaluator will convert the story into a set of FOL formula and finds what elements might be contradicting each other. It will return a list of FOL propositions that migh be violated to you. If no output is given, it does not necessarily mean there is no contradiction, but the evaluator simply failed to find any. When you see some variable names like T0, T1, T2, they represents abstract time points, you may need to consider what might go wrong in the story that might cause chronological contradiction.
Logical Evaluator Result:
{logical_evaluator_result}
Interpret all given formulas (if any) to natural language in the "reasoning" part, and review the content of the story related to the formulas.

At last you need to give your reasons of rating the story in the "reasoning" part, based on the following detailed criteria:
- 1: The story is completely incoherent and makes no sense at all, with numerous contradictions and inconsistencies.
- 2: The story has numerous inconsistency problems, making it difficult to follow or understand.
- 3: The story has some inconsistency problems causing a little confusion, but they do not significantly detract from the overall narrative.
- 4: The story is mostly consistent, with only minor inconsistencies that do not affect the overall narrative.
- 5: The story is completely consistent, with no contradictions or inconsistencies at all.

Respond in json format with a single string and a single integer in:
{{"reasoning": <reasoning>, "consistency": <score>}}